all scenes in this movie are fictional
names characters business events and
incidents are the products of the
author's imagination any resemblance to
actual persons living or dead or actual
events is purely coincidental viewers
discretion is advised movies in short
here
today we'll discuss a 2006 horror
mystery movie called silent hill
sit back relax and enjoy
rose de silva and her husband chris are
searching for their daughter sharon in
the middle of the night rose sees sharon
standing in a trance we see from
sharon's point of view that the world is
falling apart and becoming hell
just before sharon sleepwalks off the
cliff rose gets to her and wakes her up
she starts screaming silent hill
silent hill
over and over chris arrives and tries to
comfort his wife and daughter we cut to
sharon who is sitting and drawing by a
tree
rose comes over and compliments her
daughter's drawings she then discusses
sharon's sleepwalking and how she keeps
mentioning silent hill
sharon says that she doesn't remember
but rose replies with that's why we're
going there so you can remember
they leave and head out meanwhile we see
chris trying to contact his wife who is
continually ignoring his calls
he begins looking at some of the
websites sharon pulled up on silent hill
and learns that it is located in west
virginia
it is considered one of the most haunted
towns in america and 30 years ago there
was a large underground fire that killed
nearly everyone there that night sharon
and rose pull over to refill gas and to
ask for directions as she gets out rose
notices sharon's pictures and sees that
they've been changed to show people
burning in various buildings rose asks
sharon about them but sharon starts
crying and shouts that she didn't do
them which a nearby female police
officer takes notice of
rose goes inside to pay for the gas the
cop comes over and tries to talk to
sharon but she rolls up the window and
ignores her saying she never talks to
strangers the cop smiles and says good
girl
inside rose tries to get directions to
silent hill but is told that the road is
closed and her credit card has been
declined
she pays with cash and then calls chris
through their conversation we learn that
sharon was adopted from somewhere in
west virginia where silent hill is
located rose heads back to the car and
the cop asks if she needs any help but
rose waves her off and drives away the
officer writes down her license plate
number as she leaves a little while
later we see rose and sharon back on the
road when they get pulled over by the
cop from before
she approaches the vehicle just as rose
notices a sign indicating the turn off
is right ahead she tells sharon to
buckle her seatbelt and speeds off the
cop gets on her motorbike and gives
chase rose crashes through a padlocked
gate and crosses an old bridge
loud static from the radio distracts
rose and when she looks back at the road
a figure steps in front of the vehicle
rose swerves to try and avoid collision
but crashes into the embankment the next
morning rose wakes up with a big bump on
her head she looks around groggily and
suddenly realizes that sharon has
disappeared
she gets out of the car and begins
calling for her as she notices that
ashes are falling from the sky
she passes a sign that says welcome to
silent hill and heads into town as she
walks down the street calling for sharon
she sees a little girl who looks like
her passing by rose chases after her and
ends up at a stairway leading down below
street level before she can descend a
loud air raid siren begins to sound she
continues down the stairs as darkness
covers everything as rose takes out her
lighter she notices the floor and walls
are falling apart similarly to sharon's
drawing
she wanders around as loud machinery is
heard everywhere
she inspects a bed filled with blood and
a startle by clattering on a nearby
fence she turns and catches another
glimpse of the sharon lookalike she runs
after her but stumbles upon a strung up
and gutted person as she turns around a
loud screeching creature approaches her
more creatures appear and start chasing
her rose manages to run past them and
ends up finding a door the creatures
overwhelm her as she gets the door open
she struggles and screams and suddenly
the creatures start evaporating she
momentarily fades some time later she
wakes up in an abandoned bowling alley
where ring of fire is playing on a
jukebox
everything seems to have gone back to
normal almost as if it was a dream or
hallucination she runs out of the
bowling alley and heads down a street
trying to find someone but is stopped by
an enormous chasm that seems to have cut
silent hill off from the rest of the
world she hears a voice behind her say
only the dark one opens and closes the
door to silent hill she turns and sees a
disheveled and dirty homeless woman
named dalia rose tells her she is
looking for sharon but dahlia just says
we've all lost our children
rose pulls out a locket and shows her a
picture of sharon dalia claims that the
picture is of her daughter not roses and
tries to attack her but she pushes her
and runs away as dahlia says into the
fire she swallowed their hate we then
cut to chris who pulls up at the same
gas station that rose was at a day
earlier he gets out and asks the station
mechanic if he's seen his wife but the
mechanic claims his daughter was on
shift last night chris then pulls out
some cash and asks where the silent hill
turn-off is back in town we see rose
heading back to the car
she sees a picture of sharon blowing on
the ground
she goes through more pictures of a
school burning and realizes there are
places around silent hill
she gets in the car and calls chris's
cell phone but it goes straight to
voicemail rose explains what happened
and tells chris that she is heading for
the school she tries to start the car
but is interrupted by the cop who tells
her to get out rose tries to tell her
that she is just trying to find her
daughter but the cop is not convinced as
she sped away earlier she puts her in
handcuffs and tells her they are going
back to the station on foot since her
bike is broken meanwhile we see chris
barely able to hear the voice message
left by rose because of the high static
he pulls up to the bridge but it is
blocked by police he says that his wife
might have gone through here with a jeep
they let him through to talk with
detective thomas gucci the detective
says they found his wife's car but it
was empty gucci also tells him that a
deputy named sybil bennett went missing
here we cut back to rose who is
explaining why she brought sharon here
as it might help her condition but sybil
is ignoring her and thinks she is making
it all up they reach another dead end
chasm
rose yells at sybil about not believing
her just as something comes out of the
mountains that looks like a person sybil
takes out her gun and yells at it to
halt but it keeps coming and we see that
it has no arms and grey skin it spits
acid on sybil's jacket and helmet she
removes her helmet and shoots the
spitter nine times before it goes down
rose seizes the opportunity and runs
back into town still in handcuffs but
now with a clear destination
she finds a map of the town on a corner
lamppost and eventually makes her way to
midwich elementary school whose motto
above the school door reads the foes of
the righteous will be condemned rose
finds the main office and grabs a set of
keys to every door and draw in the
school
she also uses the keys to get a
flashlight out of one drawer which
thankfully works we go back to chris who
is being driven around a bright fuckless
and ashley silent hill by gucci
gucci is on the pa system and is telling
rose to come out meanwhile we see rose
searching the school when she hears
something coming from upstairs she
shouts sharon's name and then spots a
pair of very imposing men the miners
come out from the hallway
she runs off and eventually ends up in a
classroom
she finds a desk with a word which
carved into it and looks inside she
finds the journal of olessa gillespie
and we see a scene of the young girl who
looks like sharon being mocked by her
classmates for apparently being the
daughter of a witch
suddenly rose sees either olessa or
sharon running past and follows her into
a bathroom inside rose hears the sounds
of a little girl crying and figures out
which stall it's coming from
she opens the stall but instead of
alessa or sharon finds a dead naked
janitor with dog tags identifying him as
colin being held up by barbwire in a
contorted position the wall behind him
reads dare you dare you double dare you
and we see an arrow pointing into
colin's mouth
rose sees something sticking out and
reaches through the barbed wire to pull
out a hotel key the grand hotel room 111
she runs away from colin and opens the
door just in time to be caught by one of
the miner's lights she slams the door
shut as three of them head for the door
rose locks it with her key set just in
time for a canary the miners had to
start flapping around wildly the miners
look at each other and leave right after
the miners retreat the same siren from
before sounds
rose looks around her as the walls start
melting and her surroundings transform
back into the nightmare world
colin comes to life and goes after rose
he pulls himself along the walls and
creates a horde of giant cockroaches
with human faces which chase rose out
the door and down the hallway the bugs
find the miners and attack them
rose tries to escape through a window
but is distracted by alessa and falls
down we see chris with detective gucci
searching the school for rose and sharon
unaware of the nightmare world
rose gets up and a large man with a
pyramid head approaches her he's barely
able to carry the weight of his great
knife
rose runs away in terror we cut back to
chris and see that he is walking in the
opposite direction of rose they
momentarily pass each other and chris is
able to sense her presence chris swears
to gucci that he can feel her and smell
her perfume though gucci just ignores
this and tells chris to put his mask on
and keep moving rose runs to the other
side of school into another wing and
eventually collapses crying by a bank of
lockers the bugs approach her rapidly
but a figure appears and drags her away
eventually rose ends up in a boiler room
where we see that her abductor is civil
they slam the door shot and lock it with
a steel pipe through the handles sybil
removes the handcuffs from rose and puts
her last flip in her gun when suddenly a
giant knife cuts through the door
narrowly missing them pyramid head
slashes at them and attempts to remove
the pipe locking the door
civil shoots at him which buys them
enough time for things to revert back to
normal rose tells sibyl the only clue
she has of her daughter's whereabouts is
the hotel key she found we see chris
finding out that there are no records
regarding what happened in silent hill
or at the very least the records are
kept private and locked up meanwhile we
see rose and sybil get to the grand
hotel
inside they see a woman named anna
throwing rubble at dahlia anna chases
dahlia out and begins spouting some
religious nonsense to sybil and rose
sybil looks around while rose asks anna
about sharon anna points out a drawing
on the floor of a cross with crosses at
the ends and says it is a symbol of
their faith that was created by the
elders of their elders they are
interrupted by civil who has found a
bunch of keys scattered across the floor
and a piece of art she found in the
mailbox for room 111 that looks like
sharon's other works rose immediately
decides that they need to find room 111
as soon as possible back with chris we
see that knight has fallen he is outside
the brahms town archives they lock up
and leave the building he heads over
there and breaks in he heads upstairs
and after searching around a bit finds
the files for silent hill including a
report of a burn victim named alessa
gillespie chris finds a photo of alessa
and is shocked to see that alessa looks
exactly like sharon he dials a number on
his cell phone and gets an address for
alyssa's orphanage back with rose we see
her sibyl and anna who they allow to tag
along looking for room 111 which
apparently doesn't exist anna points out
a picture of the first which burning the
town ever had and rose realizes the
whole town was founded by witch hunters
in a flash of inspiration she picks up a
knife she took from the kitchen
downstairs and tears the picture apart
to find room 111 they go inside and find
that the room is little more than a
storage closet with a hole in one wall
that leads to another hole in the next
building and more beyond while they
explore the new building with sybil
looking around rose catches another
glimpse of alessa she gives chase and
eventually finds her crying on the other
side of a huge pit that leads down into
the mines where we see fires burning she
jumps across balancing on a few support
beams and almost falls while trying to
make it across she makes it to alessa
and the girl turns around and says i'm
burning as her arms and then her whole
body burst into flames rose screams and
steps back only to realize that alyssa
isn't there
sibil and anna find her and get her back
over to them just as the siren starts up
anna screams the darkness is coming
and runs off with sybil and rose
following close
they wind up at the town church which is
apparently the location of the siren
people approach the church from all
directions
rose recognizes the church from one of
sharon's paintings dahlia stands in
front saying you run not towards
sanctuary but from your fears join not
the others for they are deceived as they
are damned
sybil tries to convince her to come
inside but she grabs sybil and says no
they are wolves in the skin of sheep
they brought about their own help
they'll take you with them anna starts
throwing stuff at her and screams filth
and lies at dahlia but sybil holds her
back
rose tries to talk to dahlia about why
they were brought here and what alessa
wants but dalia's only response is evil
weights and vengeance be careful what
you choose just then the darkness comes
things begin melting and sibyl and rose
run inside as dalia points her index and
ring fingers at anna she turns and we
see that pyramid head has appeared
behind her he picks her up and flays her
skin off splattering rose and sybil with
her blood the door finally closes and
people begin attacking rose for being a
witch until sybil fires her last bullet
in the air to get the mob to back away
the leader of the church christabella
comes forth and reassures them that what
happened to anna was not the fault of
these outsiders she then gathers the
faithful in prayer for sanctuary from
the darkness declaring that those whose
names are not written in the book of
life shall be thrown in the lake of fire
meanwhile we see chris inside the toluca
county orphanage trying to get
information on sharon's past
he tries to talk with one of the nuns
running the place but she is very
resistant to the idea of giving out
information particularly hers chris
starts getting rough but gucci suddenly
arrives he arrests chris for breaking
and entering in the archives and then
has a talk with him about justice saying
that it's a foggy concept since there's
man's justice gods and even the devils
he shows chris's hands which appear to
have been badly burned by something in
the past gucci then informs chris that
he is being taken out of town and back
to his home state and is never to return
again back in silent hill we see
christabel explaining to rose that she
will need faith to find her daughter and
survive here
rose tells her she just wants to find
sharon
christa bella agrees to take her to the
home of the demon who is sharing
rose tells sybil that she is not
required to accompany her but she
insists on coming along
she tells rose that her mother is god in
the eyes of a child a few minors come
along for protection and they head to
brookhaven hospital here christabella
informs rose and sybil that the demon is
housed in room b151
rose memorizes the map as much as she
can while two miners break open an
elevator leading to the wards
christabella moves to give back rose's
locket which one of the faithful grabbed
from her when she notices the picture of
sharon inside she starts calling rosa
witch and rose runs into the elevator
with sybil covering her
sibyl kills a miner trying to get rose
out and tells her to find her daughter
and removes the metal rod holding the
elevator rose screams for her but it's
no use
sybil points her gun at christabella and
pulls the trigger on an empty chamber
the remaining miners gang up on her and
beat her senseless christa bella gives
the order to the miners and they proceed
to beat her with metal pipes meanwhile
rose has descended to the bottom and
gets out of the elevator
she finds herself in the a ward meaning
she has to go down one more floor
she begins making her way through but
once on the b floor she finds her way
blocked by a bunch of freaky but hot
looking nurses bend in various awkward
and sexy positions also holding sharp
knives that could slice open an elephant
she shines the light on them and they
all snap to attention and begin
twitching and move towards her she turns
the light off and they go back to rest
she begins to pick her way through
trying to avoid touching sensitive areas
but the nurses eventually wake up and
start attacking her she ducks down and
tricks them into thinking it's a battle
royale and they start attacking each
other while they're busy with that she
gets free of the crowd of hot nurses
drops the fleshlight to bait them and
runs towards a room she opens the door
end we hear the voice of alyssa saying
that she is going to show rose the truth
about what happened as a reward for
coming all this way we see alessa being
picked on again and she runs into the
bathroom which is being cleaned by colin
he smiles at her and a lesson narrates
about how desperate for love and
acceptance constant hate can make you it
is strongly suggested that colin did
something horrible to her we later see
her coming out of the bathroom and being
talked to by her mother who looked much
better than and her aunt principal
christa bella since the town is so taken
with christabella a town meeting is held
and it is decided that the sin shall be
cleansed and that sin is alessa since
her mother does not know or will not
reveal who alessa's father was
against dalia's protests they tie her up
and roast her over a fire but the fire
spreads until it consumes everything we
next see alessa blackened and crispy
being pulled from the wreckage as dalia
weeps alyssa describes how her hate grew
so much and how one day something gave
her power to use that hate in a
flashback we see a young nurse lisa
doing her rounds the nurse pokes her
head into alessa's room and becomes her
first victim then the demon alessa
appears and promises her that they would
all fall into her darkest dream they
touch hands and the room transforms into
a nightmare version of alessa and her
hatred we see rose open her eyes in room
b151
in front of her is what remains of
alessa who is now about 30 years older
she is being tended to by an alice and
blood-covered lisa lisa moves to sit
next to alessa and then the little girl
steps forward rose asks who she is and
we get a typical eye of many names
answer she says that sharon was the last
representation of the goodness in alessa
and that sharon is about to be found by
christabella and her minions
rose asks why she is here and alyssa
says that it is so christabella can be
confronted with the truth she also tells
her that there were some good people in
silent hill who tried to help with what
they could
she then hugs rose and proceeds to be
absorbed into her body while doing this
we see sharon hiding in the nathan motel
which rose kept passing throughout the
movie a bunch of minor storm into the
room
dahlia tries to ward off the miners and
protect sharon but is unsuccessful and
they take her
meanwhile we see chris being dropped off
at his car in the early morning gucci
says that they will keep trying to find
rose and sharon but chris doesn't
believe him and drives off we then cut
to the church in daylight we see a still
alive civil tied to a ladder while
christabella says that sharon enter must
be burned
sybil tries to shout some sense into the
people but is unsuccessful as one might
expect the crowd keeps shouting to burn
the witch they lower the ladder over the
fire sybil is burned to death as the
crowd laughs at the cruel site the crowd
then gets set to burn sharon too when
the doors slam open and we see rose
standing there she notices sybil burn to
a crisp
rose now covered in blood wearing all
red and with fire in her eyes begins
telling the townsfolk christabella's
lies and that everything that happened
is their own doing but christabella
orders her burn as well rose laughs at
this solve all solution and gets right
up in christabella's face but gets
stabbed through the heart with a sacred
knife of christabella's she calls rosa
blasphemer while sharon screams just as
a drop of black blood falls from the
knife to the floor of the church things
grow dark and rose begins coughing out
more and more black blood from her wound
the blood spreads and the darkness at
last overwhelms the church old alessa
rises out of the hole that was formed
and begins running everyone through with
barbed wire and killing them
spectacularly while rose heals with a
gift of alessis and makes for sharon she
gets there with alessa dispatching
anyone who gets in the way while dalia
watches in horror and asks her daughter
what have you become the young alessa
has shown up just in time for
christabella to get run through with
barbed wire she is torn apart by the
wire from inside while dark alessa
dances in the blood rain just as rose
free sharon they crawl into the corner
and attempt to ignore everything as dark
alessa climbs up the ladder
rose keeps telling sharon to pretend
it's a bad dream just as sharon opens
one eye to find alyssa staring her right
in the face the next morning we see rose
and an eerily calm and happy sharon
walking out of the church
dalia asks rose why alessa didn't kill
her and rose repeats what sybil told her
about a mother's love mother is god in
the eyes of a child
dahlia looks at the two and sharon looks
at her and it is strongly implied that
sharon is now alessa rose and her
daughter head back to the car and rose
calls home the machine picks up and
christopher hears only static but we see
rose saying that they'll be home soon
rose pulls out and through the fog
passes sybil's motorcycle they come to
where the chasm was but it fixes itself
and they drive on through the fog they
are still in a fog when they pass brahms
gas and arrive home where christopher is
sleeping through the unblocked sunlight
the girls go in leaving the door open
and sharon goes to play with something
as rose sits on a chair opposite the
empty couch where chris is still lying
he rises and lingers around the chair
where rose isn't sitting in his world
and then heads for the door he sees that
the door is open and runs forward hoping
to maybe catch a glimpse of rose and
sharon but when he looks outside he
doesn't see rose's jeep although rose
and sharon are in the same room as
christopher they cannot see each other
apparently because rose and sharon still
surrounded by fog now exist in the
nightmare world as a result of entering
silent hill
don't forget to subscribe and turn on
the notification bell if you want to
watch more videos like this
thanks and see you again soon
[Music]
you